1) a. Presentations slides must include certain elements to maximize the presentation. The slides should contain minimal text as to ensure the focus is on the speaker not the slides. Next, slides must not speak for themselves for the same reason as before. Graphics pair well with slides that the audience can easily decipher while listening the speech from the presenter. Finally, presentations must not state the result of the experiment first. Save it until the end so the audience has a reason to listen until the end. 
    The source was written by a person with a Phd in Microbiology. In order to reach that state of education many presentations where most likely given resulting the source being reliable. 
  
  b. The presentations are easy to follow by the audience. Even more vital is that it is compelling. The audience must understand the importance of your work and invested in the result to be revealed by the end of the presentation. 
    The source is a website that specializes teaching aspiring researches how to effectivily publish and share their research. 
    
    c. The lenght alloted for a presentation greatly effects how much content to present. In many cases all the work and data collected can not be shown. Consequently the presentation must pick key examples that show a model for how the research was conducted and the results of it.
    The source's authors both attened and given numerous presentaions. The wealth of experience allows them to reflect on the attributes of both good and bad presentations.
    
    d. The amount of practice put into a presentation allows for improved flow of ideas. The audience will understand more and become more invested with the presentation. Practice also ensure that the presentation meets the time alloted. 
    The source is a professor of a university that has experience with both attending conferences with presentations and giving them. 
    
    e. Presenter must have master over the content of the their presentation. As a result they will feel comfortable speeching about it and answering complex questions from the audience.
    The source comes from the website of a university outlining oral presentaions. Success of the presenters is the purpose of the page. 